README.md, before:

# The Drink Lab

## Welcome to The Drink Lab!

Here we make fun drinks and generally have a good time! 

## Description

On the home page you see a carosel of some cool drink images.

In the about us, you can learn some about our drink lab process and about our invitation to join in the mixology!

Under cocktails you can see our current list of cocktails. Which is your favorite, a classic gin and tonic or a fun Malibu Bay Breeze?

The mockatils page shows our complete list of mocktails. Would you prefer a unique spitzer or a classic Shirley Temple?

Finally, head over to the add a drink page to become part of the mixology experience! Will you add a mocktail or cocktail? Something we've heard of before or something brand new?

## Getting Started

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

### Dependencies

- A modern web browser

### Installing 

To get started, run the below in the project directory:

- Run npm install
- Run json-server --watch db.json
- Run npm start

### Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

## Authors

- Paul Macellaro
- Sadaf Chadwick
- Amelia Freeman

## Version History

- 0.1 Initial Project

## Acknowledgements

- Adam and Emiley!

Commit message:

final README and Frankie pic edits

README.md, after:

# The Drink Lab

## Welcome to The Drink Lab!

Here we make fun drinks and generally have a good time! 

## Description

On the home page you see a carosel of some cool drink images.

In the about us, you can learn some about our drink lab process and about our invitation to join in the mixology!

Under cocktails you can see our current list of cocktails. Which is your favorite, a classic gin and tonic or a fun Malibu Bay Breeze?

The mockatils page shows our complete list of mocktails. Would you prefer a unique spritzer or a classic Shirley Temple?

Finally, head over to the add a drink page to become part of the mixology experience! Will you add a mocktail or cocktail? Something we've heard of before or something brand new?

## Getting Started

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

### Dependencies

- A modern web browser

### Installing 

To get started, run the below in the project directory:

- Run npm install
- Run json-server --watch db.json
- Run npm start

### Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

## Authors

- Paul Macellaro - Discord @ pmacellaro
- Sadaf Chadwick - https://www.linkedin.com/in/sadaf-chadwick-106610235/
- Amelia Freeman - https://www.linkedin.com/in/amelia-k-freeman/

## Version History

- 0.1 Initial Project

## Acknowledgements

- Adam for being our emergency contact for all github issues!
- Emiley for being awesome, we missed you!
- Frankie for your amazing mixology skills, and your picture! 
- A blog which helped us escape an infinite loop: https://alexsidorenko.com/blog/react-infinite-loop/
- A react smart slider that helped create our carosel: https://codesandbox.io/s/jpo4ypo9wv?file=/src/index.js
